Add static host user docs (#46650)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/server-access/guides/host-user-creation.mdx

the `ubuntu`, `nginx`, and `other` groups, as specified in the `host_groups`
field.

## Static host users

In this section, you will configure Teleport to create local users independently

> of an SSH session.

Reviewer: This should mention that the SSH service must be >=16.3.0.

### Step 1/3. Configure RBAC

#### Label your server

1. Access the server you enrolled with Teleport before beginning this guide and
   open the Teleport configuration file, which is `/etc/teleport.yaml` by

>    default.

Reviewer 2: This made me question - do static host users also get created on servers that use the server info resource for labeling?

Author: Yes, any labels that the server heartbeats back to auth are available for static host users.

1. Make the following change to the configuration file:

   ```diff
     labels:
   +   app: "nginx"
   ```

1. Restart Teleport on the server.

#### Define a Teleport role

The following role specification allows users to log in as `nginxrestarter` on
any matching server. Add this content to a file called `auto-users.yaml`:

```yaml
kind: role
version: v5
metadata:
  name: auto-users
spec:
  allow:
    logins: ["nginxrestarter"]
    node_labels:
      "app": "nginx"
```

Create the role:

```code
$ tctl create -f auto-users.yaml
# role 'auto-users' has been created
```

#### Create a Teleport user

1. Run the following command to create a Teleport user with the `auto-users`
   role:

   ```code
   $ tctl users add demo-user --roles=auto-users --logins=nginxrestarter
   ```

1. Follow the instructions in your terminal to visit the Teleport Web UI and
   create the user.

### Step 2/3. Create the static host user

Add this content to a file called `nginxrestarter.yaml`:

```yaml
kind: static_host_user
metadata:
  name: nginxrestarter
spec:
  matchers:

>       # Use either node_labels or node_labels_expression to select which servers
>       # to create the host user on. Only one is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Use either node_labels or node_labels_expression to select which servers
    # to create the host user on. Only one is required.
```

      sudoers: [
        # This line will allow the `nginxrestarter` user to run
        # `systemctl restart nginx.service` as
        # root without requiring a password.
        # The sudoers entries will be prefixed with `nginxrestarter` in this case.
        # sudoers file reference documentation: https://www.sudo.ws/docs/man/1.8.17/sudoers.man/
        "ALL = (root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/systemctl restart nginx.service"
      ]
      # UID of the host user. Optional.
      # uid: 1234
      # GID of the host user. Optional.
      # gid: 1234

    # Add additional matchers if needed to configure nginxrestarter differently
    # on different servers.
    # - node_labels:
      # ...
```

The name of the static host user resource must match the login of the user to
be created. If your static host user has more than one matcher, a server can't
be matched by more than one of them.

Create the static host user:

```code
$ tctl create -f nginxrestarter.yaml
# static_host_user 'nginxrestarter' has been created
```

<Admonition type="note">

Deleting the static host user resource does not remove the host user from any
servers it has been applied to.

</Admonition>

### Step 3/3. Test

> Connect to the remote Node via `tsh` and see that the host user was created:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect to the remote Node via `tsh` to verify that the host user was created:
```

      # List of host groups the created user will be added to. Any that don't already exist are created.
      groups: [ubuntu, nginx, other]
      # List of entries to include in a temporary sudoers file created in /etc/sudoers.d
      sudoers: [
        # This line will allow the `nginxrestarter` user to run
        # `systemctl restart nginx.service` as
        # root without requiring a password.
        # The sudoers entries will be prefixed with `nginxrestarter` in this case.
        # sudoers file reference documentation: https://www.sudo.ws/docs/man/1.8.17/sudoers.man/
        "ALL = (root) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/systemctl restart nginx.service"
      ]
      # UID of the host user. Optional.
      # uid: 1234
      # GID of the host user. Optional.
      # gid: 1234
      # Default shell for the created user. Optional.
      # default_shell: /bin/bash

    # Add additional matchers if needed to configure nginxrestarter differently
    # on different servers.
    # - node_labels:
      # ...
```

The name of the static host user resource must match the login of the user to
be created. If your static host user has more than one matcher, a server can't

> be matched by more than one of them.

Reviewer: Would this match to the first one in order?  Good if we can say that

Author: No. If more than one matcher applies to a server, it's an error and the static host user won't be applied at all.
